Being able to log well,
is a very useful practice in software engineering and especially useful in data science.
Imagine you're running a model every night and when you come into work
one morning you see that it crashed or started creating poor results.
You want to check the cause,
the context, and figure out how to address the issue.
Since you weren't physically there to see and debug when the issue occurred,
it's important to print out descriptive log messages to help you
trace back your issue and understand what's happening in your code.
In the next video,
we will look at some examples of
good log messages and see useful logging tools available to us.